Release 4.10.2 (#144)
blackbaud/skyux-ag-grid: CHANGELOG.md

# 4.10.2 (2021-09-17)

> - Fixed cell renderer change when validator status changes. [#143](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-ag-grid/pull/143) (Thanks @[blackbaud-jeremymorgan](https://github.com/blackbaud-jeremymorgan)!)

Reviewer: I feel like we're missing some words here. I'm not sure, but here's my best guess of what we mean:
```suggestion
- Fixed the cell renderer to refresh when the validator status changes. [#143](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-ag-grid/pull/143) (Thanks @[blackbaud-jeremymorgan](https://github.com/blackbaud-jeremymorgan)!)
```
